README.md, before:

## Gov Icons

*Version 1.4.0*

**A Government font and CSS toolkit, inspired by [Font-Awesome](http://fontawesome.io)**.

Gov Icons is a icon font and CSS toolkit with 129 government themed icons, for easy scalable vector graphics on projects that needs government based icons. Gov Icons is created and maintained by [540](http://540.co).

![](https://media1.giphy.com/media/5ME9j9hbSJYrK/200.gif)

## Getting started

- Download and place the entire `govicons` directory into your project
- In the `<head>` of your html, reference the location to your govicons.min.css

```html
<link rel="stylesheet" href="path/to/govicons/css/govicons.min.css">
```

#### Install with bower

```shell
$ bower install govicons
```

#### Install with npm

```shell
$ npm install govicons
```

#### Explore
Get started and learn how to use Gov Icons at <http://govicons.io>!

## Change Log
- We'll keep track of each release in the [CHANGELOG.md](./CHANGELOG.md)
- Looking for older versions of Gov Icons? Check the [releases](https://github.com/540co/govicons/releases).

## Contributing

If you want to add icon ideas, icon art, or other fixes/changes to how the package works, feel free to submit an issue.

#### Requesting new icons

- Title your new issue Icon request: icon-name (e.g., Icon request: icon-vote).
- Include a few use cases for your requested icon. How do you plan on using it?

## Licensing

- Gov Icons licensed under [SIL OFL 1.1](http://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/page.php?site_id=nrsi&id=OFL)
- Code licensed under [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.html)
- Documentation licensed under [CC BY 3.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/)

Commit message:

Add github templates for issues and PRs. Add contributing guidelines.

README.md, after:

## Gov Icons

*Version 1.4.0*

**A Government font and CSS toolkit, inspired by [Font-Awesome](http://fontawesome.io)**.

Gov Icons is a icon font and CSS toolkit with 129 government themed icons, for easy scalable vector graphics on projects that needs government based icons. Gov Icons is created and maintained by [540](http://540.co).

![](https://media1.giphy.com/media/5ME9j9hbSJYrK/200.gif)

## Getting started

- Download and place the entire `govicons` directory into your project
- In the `<head>` of your html, reference the location to your govicons.min.css

```html
<link rel="stylesheet" href="path/to/govicons/css/govicons.min.css">
```

#### Install with bower

```shell
$ bower install govicons
```

#### Install with npm

```shell
$ npm install govicons
```

#### Explore
Get started and learn how to use Gov Icons at <http://govicons.io>!

## Change Log
- We'll keep track of each release in the [CHANGELOG.md](./CHANGELOG.md)
- Looking for older versions of Gov Icons? Check the [releases](https://github.com/540co/govicons/releases).

## Contributing
Please read through our [contributing guidelines](./CONTRIBUTING.mg). Included are directions for opening issues.

## Licensing

- Gov Icons licensed under [SIL OFL 1.1](http://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/page.php?site_id=nrsi&id=OFL)
- Code licensed under [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.html)
- Documentation licensed under [CC BY 3.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/)
